Use nnpdf single-truth theory (#169)
NNPDF/pineko: docs/source/overview/prerequisites.rst

  [paths]
  # inputs
  grids = "data/grids"
  operator_card_template_name = "_template.yaml"
  # outputs
  operator_cards = "data/operator_cards"
  ekos = "data/ekos"
  fktables = "data/fktables"

  # The following two keys are only necessary when nnpdf=false
  #theory_cards = "data/theory_cards"
  #ymldb = "data/yamldb"

  [paths.logs]
  eko = "logs/eko"
  fk = "logs/fk"

All the relevant inputs are described below. The command ``pineko scaffold new`` will generate all necessary folders.

Theory Runcards
---------------

You need to provide the necessary theory runcards named with their respective theory ID inside the *paths.theory_cards* folder [1]_ unless you are using the ``nnpdf`` key (see below).

> For more details about theory runcards you can look at https://eko.readthedocs.io/en/latest/code/IO.html under **Theory Runcards**.

Reviewer: I'm not sure how much that link is up-to-date (the answer is it isn't) and it is surely not the official source of truth of which we are speaking here - instead it is NNPDF, i.e. https://docs.nnpdf.science/theory/theoryparamsdefinitions.html should be linked instead

> For more details about theory runcards you can look at https://eko.readthedocs.io/en/latest/code/IO.html under **Theory Runcards**.

Author: ```suggestion
For more details about theory runcards you can look at https://docs.nnpdf.science/theory/theoryparamsdefinitions.html
```
